Hey Xiaorong
Your sister is sick
You go back and take care of her first
Leave it to me here
Ah!
Oh, thank you, sister, then I'll go first.
Okay, go, go, go
Excuse me.
These cake creams are a hassle to clean up
Here's some hard work for you.
Here you go.
I've been cleaning for so long
No one has ever cared so much about my work
Miss, you are different from those rich people
We're all human.
I dare not distinguish between high and low
Let me tell you something.
Sister's sister
His own sister?
It was forced to death by the Yan family's apartment
After my sister was fired
full broadcast
Everyone is talking about him
It means that it was rubbed off by an enemy
It's okay, Mr. Yan is not bad to me
Yeah, it's fine.
Mr. Yan's posture is very full, you can follow
You will definitely be implicated if you follow him.
Pardon me?
I was just sweeping the hallway
I heard his uncle
It's like I'm on the phone with a real-world friend
Say
OK, it's all arranged.
Just wait for Mr. Yan to go out
Hey.